Welcome and thanks for participating in this course.
I'm Filip Cossaer and would like to share with you the basic concept of ZK framework.
and how we can use ZK to build web applications.
ZK is a framework that enables Java developers to create web applications fast and easily.
Some of the most interesting key features includes:
No Ajax knowledge required because framework does for you.
No JavaScript knowledge required because all of framework does it for you.
It's easy to pick up.
It's highly productive, some example is like I finished my latest project in 4 months.
While I was working alone on the backend and frontend.
I'm not an expert works already many years in the framework.
I just have 2 years of experiences in ZK framework.
And most it's highly secured.